[7.67.x] JBPM-9979 JBPM-9807 release notes: mark async nodes at diagram & enri… (#4181)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/Console/ProcessManagement-section.adoc

image::Console/process-instances-logs.png[]

Finally, to complement the process logs you can open the *Diagram* tab that shows the completed activities by default in
grey, the current activities highlighted in blue and the active (related job pending of execution or in error) asynchronous

> nodes in red. All this default colors can be configured in *Settings* -> *Process Administration* section

Reviewer: Just some small suggestions. Removed passive voice from the sentences. Let me WDYT?
```suggestion
To complement the process logs, you can open the *Diagram* tab that displays the completed activities by default in grey color. The current activities are highlighted in blue color and the active (related job pending of execution or in error) asynchronous nodes in red color. You can configure all of these default colors in the *Settings* -> *Process Administration* section. 
```

Author: @kaldesai updated!
